SUBID     	BioProject	BioSample	Organism
--------------------------------------------------------
SUB9429566	PRJNA563685	SAMN18076931	Candidatus Dojkabacteria bacterium

[] We ran your sequences through our Contamination Screen. The screen found 
sequences that need to be trimmed and/or excluded. The results are in the 
Contamination.txt file posted in your submission on the WGS submission portal 
https://submit.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/subs/wgs/.  

We were able to remove sequences marked to exclude and/or trimmed contamination 
from the ends of sequence (see the FixedForeignContaminations.txt file). If the 
contamination is on either side of a run of N's, the N's were also removed.
We have uploaded the modified fasta file ForeignContaminationModified.zip to the 
submission portal.

However, we could not remove the contamination in the RemainingContamination.txt file.  
We cannot remove contamination that is in the middle of a sequence. The sequence may need
to be split at the contamination and the sequence on either side of the contamination submitted 
as a separate sequence. In addition, we do not automatically remove mitochondrial 
sequences in eukaryotic submissions. 

Please adjust these remaining sequences appropriately and then resubmit.  After you 
remove the contamination, trim any Ns at the ends of the sequence and remove any sequences 
that are shorter than 200 nt and not part of a multi-component scaffold.

Note that mismatches between the name of the adaptor/primer identified in the screen 
and the sequencing technology used to generate the sequencing data should not be used 
to discount the validity of the screen results as the adaptors/primers of many 
different sequencing platforms share sequence similarity.


Adaptor:
[] Some of the sequences hit primers or adaptors used in Illumina or 
454 or other sequencing strategies or platforms.  Adaptor at the 
end of a sequence should be removed. However, if adaptors are 
present within sequences then you should strongly consider 
splitting the sequences at the adaptors because the adaptor sequence 
could have been the region of overlap, causing a misassembly.


The contamination that we could not automatically remove is listed below.
You will need to adjust these sequences and resubmit:

Skipped 136 same as before; screening 1 sequence, 9,921 bp.
1 sequence with locations to mask/trim

Trim:
Sequence name, length, span(s), apparent source
c_000000013178	10047	1194..1224	adaptor:NGB01085.1-not_cleaned


