SUBID     	BioProject	BioSample	Organism
--------------------------------------------------------
SUB9429564	PRJNA563685	SAMN18076501	Hadesarchaea archaeon

[] We ran your sequences through our Contamination Screen. The screen found 
sequences that need to be trimmed and/or excluded. The results are in the 
Contamination.txt file posted in your submission on the WGS submission portal 
https://submit.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/subs/wgs/.  

We were able to remove sequences marked to exclude and/or trimmed contamination 
from the ends of sequence (see the FixedForeignContaminations.txt file). If the 
contamination is on either side of a run of N's, the N's were also removed.
We have uploaded the modified fasta file ForeignContaminationModified.zip to the 
submission portal.

However, we could not remove the contamination in the RemainingContamination.txt file.  
We cannot remove contamination that is in the middle of a sequence. The sequence may need
to be split at the contamination and the sequence on either side of the contamination submitted 
as a separate sequence. In addition, we do not automatically remove mitochondrial 
sequences in eukaryotic submissions. 

Please adjust these remaining sequences appropriately and then resubmit.  After you 
remove the contamination, trim any Ns at the ends of the sequence and remove any sequences 
that are shorter than 200 nt and not part of a multi-component scaffold.

Note that mismatches between the name of the adaptor/primer identified in the screen 
and the sequencing technology used to generate the sequencing data should not be used 
to discount the validity of the screen results as the adaptors/primers of many 
different sequencing platforms share sequence similarity.


The contamination that we could not automatically remove is listed below.
You will need to adjust these sequences and resubmit:

Skipped 309 same as before; screening 4 sequences, 20,049 bp.
1 sequence with locations to mask/trim

Trim:
Sequence name, length, span(s), apparent source
c_000000022732	9040	623..4797	Paraburkholderia xenovorans LB400-not_cleaned


